_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: ""
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

You can also find my articles on [my Google Scholar profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=HeXslZEAAAAJ) and [my SSRN profile](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/cf_dev/AbsByAuth.cfm?per_id=2742099).

## Published Papers

1. "Addressing the Challenges of Death Registration in India: A Path Forward" (with Md Azharuddin Akhtar)  
   *Economic and Political Weekly*, Vol. 60, Issue No. 4, 25 Jan 2025  
   [Paper](https://www.epw.in/journal/2025/4/commentary/addressing-challenges-death-registration-india.html)

2. "Flushed with Success: How Participation in Social Schemes Influence Toilet Adoption in Rural India" with M. Tyagi, D. Kumar, and Md T. Khan  
   *Journal of Biosocial Science* (Forthcoming)

3. "Political Connections of Firms and Access to Credit: Evidence from the Indian Corporate Sector" with M. Tyagi  
   *Structural Change and Economic Dynamics* (2024)  
   [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.strueco.2024.03.006)

4. "Political Connections and Access to Credit: Evidence from Micro-enterprises in India"  
   with M. Tyagi  
   *Small Business Economics* (2024)  
   [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/s11187-024-00950-y)

5. "Role of Political Connections in Land Investment: Evidence from Rural India"  
   with M. Tyagi  
   *Constitutional Political Economy* (2020)  
   [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10602-019-09293-3)

## Papers Under Review

1. "Money and Muscle in India's Democracy: The Rise of Criminal Politicians and Its Impact on Governance" with F. Ansari Faiz, A. Akhtar, and M. Tyagi  

2. "STEMming the Dowry Tradition: Empowering Girls in India"  
   with M. Tyagi and D. Kumar  
   
## Working Papers

1. "Mistrust and Vaccination in Colonial India: 1870 - 1926"  
   with Noel D. Johnson

2. "Religion and Smallpox Vaccination in Colonial India"

3. "Colonization in a Network of Allies"  
   with Benhur Ruqsana

4. "Railways and Health Outcomes in Colonial India"

5. "Religion and Consumption of Drugs in Colonial India"  
   with Noel D. Johnson and Shruti Rajagopalan

6. "Language and Market Integration in Colonial India: A Network Economics Approach" (with Benhur Ruqsana)

Commit message:

Update CV page and publications section
- Simplified CV page to display PDF with embedded viewer and download link
- Removed papers under review section (Money and Muscle, STEMming the Dowry)
- Removed "Religion and Consumption of Drugs" from working papers
- Added new working papers: Menu Prices, Captive Pricing, Pollution and Productivity
- Added papers with Alicia Plemmons: Respiratory Therapist CE Requirements and Midwife Licensing
- Added updated CV LaTeX source (needs to be compiled to PDF)

https://claude.ai/code/session_01EZGMFCQgkrW9tZBF7wRLct

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: ""
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

You can also find my articles on [my Google Scholar profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=HeXslZEAAAAJ) and [my SSRN profile](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/cf_dev/AbsByAuth.cfm?per_id=2742099).

## Published Papers

1. "Addressing the Challenges of Death Registration in India: A Path Forward" (with Md Azharuddin Akhtar)  
   *Economic and Political Weekly*, Vol. 60, Issue No. 4, 25 Jan 2025  
   [Paper](https://www.epw.in/journal/2025/4/commentary/addressing-challenges-death-registration-india.html)

2. "Flushed with Success: How Participation in Social Schemes Influence Toilet Adoption in Rural India" with M. Tyagi, D. Kumar, and Md T. Khan  
   *Journal of Biosocial Science* (Forthcoming)

3. "Political Connections of Firms and Access to Credit: Evidence from the Indian Corporate Sector" with M. Tyagi  
   *Structural Change and Economic Dynamics* (2024)  
   [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.strueco.2024.03.006)

4. "Political Connections and Access to Credit: Evidence from Micro-enterprises in India"  
   with M. Tyagi  
   *Small Business Economics* (2024)  
   [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/s11187-024-00950-y)

5. "Role of Political Connections in Land Investment: Evidence from Rural India"  
   with M. Tyagi  
   *Constitutional Political Economy* (2020)  
   [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10602-019-09293-3)

## Working Papers

1. "Mistrust and Vaccination in Colonial India: 1870 - 1926"
   with Noel D. Johnson

2. "Religion and Smallpox Vaccination in Colonial India"

3. "Colonization in a Network of Allies"
   with Benhur Ruqsana

4. "Railways and Health Outcomes in Colonial India"

5. "Language and Market Integration in Colonial India: A Network Economics Approach"
   with Benhur Ruqsana

6. "Menu Prices"

7. "Captive Pricing"

8. "Pollution and Productivity"

9. "Respiratory Therapist Continuing Education Requirements and Respiratory Mortality"
   with Alicia Plemmons

10. "Midwife Licensing and Maternal Health in Immigrant Communities: Evidence from Early Twentieth-Century America"
    with Alicia Plemmons
